
Titanic Dataset Analytics by Using Tableau
This data is all about, all known passengers of the Titanic, including where they were heading, what cabin they stayed in, and whether they survived. Used tablea to make an interactive dashboard after analysis of the data.

Used Tool & Version
Used version Tableau 2022.4

Dashboard Details
This Dashboard consist answers such as

The total number of people boarded on titanic.
Total number of people survived and perished gender wise.
Age distribution of among the travellers.
Checked number of survivers from each port and also genderwise.
Total number of peoples trevelled as gender wise.
Which gender suffer more in crash.
conclusion, This type of answers can be founded in two interactive daashboard for this dataset.

About The Data
https://public.tableau.com/app/sample-data/titanic%20passenger%20list.csv this data can easily available on this link.

Methods and tactics for each slides.
We can easily Calculate total number of people boared on titanic from each of ports port by using tableau drag and drop method by help of columns name as count and Embarked in rows & columns , This helps to provide insights with visualization and that from which port most number of people boarde on titanic and also the people who survived means most of the survived peoples are boarded from which port.

We can found the count of total number of people gender wise and make a comparison in same graph that which gender is suffered more and which gender has better chance of survival,Total number of people survived and perished in male and female- So we get the ans that survival chance of most of the females were survived and less perished.

Checked at b/w which age most of the people travelled on titanic-by help og age column and help of Histogram chart which tells the distribution of data . By dragging and dropping Age as count and age as bin in rows and columns, So we found that no. of people b/w 19 to 40 years were high who are travelled on titanic,

We can also calculate number of survivers who boraded from different different ports and also can be seen genderwise means which of male or femele by help of line graph.

We can also calculate how much fare generated by each port ,which also can able to provvide insigh such as which port is most prefferable among three, with the help of fare, Embarked and gender columns we cn easily able to visualize.

We can also see a table like each list of names and survival status in different colors such as if survived than green if perished than red color.

Conclusion
So finally able to built two interactive dashboards which call tell us each and every story about the data that we need to find, and also created story for every slide
